

Sm-Blur Source License v0.1
==========================

Preamble:

The intent of this document is to state the conditions under which a Package may
be viewed, spread, copied or modified for intent of learning, tutoring or delevoping
software. This License was done to give you the rights of having a look at used techniques
or designs. It will thereby grant all copyrights to the Copyright Holder concerning
his effort and time to develop the Package and his exclusive right to charge fee for
the Package and/or Product and his work.

Definitions:

    * "Package" refers to the collection of files distributed by the Copyright Holder,
       and derivatives of that collection of files created through textual modification.
    * "Standard Version" refers to such a Package if it has not been modified, or has
       been modified in accordance with the wishes of the Copyright Holder.
    * "Copyright Holder" is whoever is named in the copyright or copyrights for the package.
    * "You" is you, if you're thinking about copying or distributing this Package.
    * "Reasonable copying fee" is whatever you can justify on the basis of media cost,
       duplication charges, time of people involved, and so on. (You will not be required
       to justify it to the Copyright Holder, but only to the computing community at large
       as a market that must bear the fee.)
    * "Freely Available" means that no fee is charged for the item itself, though there may
       be fees involved in handling the item. It also means that recipients of the item may
       redistribute it under the same conditions they received it.

1. You may make and give away unmodified copies of the source of the Standard Version of this
   Package without restriction as long as it is Freely Available (for charging look further
   down) and provided that you duplicate all of the original copyright notices and associated
   disclaimers.

2. You may apply bug fixes, portability fixes and other modifications derived from the Public
   Domain or from the Copyright Holder. A Package modified in such a way shall still be
   considered the Standard Version and a notice on changes have to be added to the file
   specifying the made changes with time and You're name and optional additional information.

3. You are not allowed to make further changes in the source, than in (2.) granted. This applies
   to all changes including previous comments or copyrights, if You don't have a written
   permission of the Copyright Holder.

4. You may charge a reasonable copying fee for any distribution of this Package. You are
   not allowed to charge fee for support of this Package.

5. Neither parts of the package are, nor the whole package is allowed to use in any other
   software, in parts or in a whole, without written permission of the Copyright Holder of
   the file or Package.

6. You are allowed to perform the Standard Version of this Package or parts of it publicly
   like a tutorium, lecture, excercise or similar. This applies also to written derivates
   of such, as long as it does not conflict with (8.).
   You're demonstration is not allowed to conflict with the term, that the Package has to
   be Freely Available for all.

7. The name of the Copyright Holder may not be used to endorse or promote products
   derived from this Package without specific prior written permission of the Copyright
   Holder.

8. You are not allowed to spread this Package or parts of it in a mass like in a
   download-archive, NewsPaper, Magazine, Book or similar without written permission of
   the Copyright Holder.

